c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Secron2.exe.config
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Secron2.exe
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Secron2.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Vision.v1.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Vision.v1.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Vision.v1.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\obj\Debug\Secron2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\obj\Debug\Secron2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\obj\Debug\Secron2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\obj\Debug\Secron2.exe
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\obj\Debug\Secron2.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Secron2\Secron2\obj\Debug\Secron2.Form1.resources
